
***

# GitHub activity April 3Rd 2021

**The** `GitHub stars & follow` **file is receiving an expansion. Starting February 26th 2021, I am now keeping a log of all activities.**

GitHub commit issues March 24th 2021: GitHub was acting up a little bit early today (and throughout the rest of the day) my commit counts weren't updating. My 12750 commit screenshot was 7 off due to an error, along with my 12800 commit and 12900 commit screenshots. I also had a error today, but I forgot to minimize my open tab first. It was an uncensored version of a song I got yesterday, with the very few swear words that were bleeped out. I didn't even notice the swear words in the uncensored version, and there were only 3 that were censored. It is pretty ironic that this happened due to the song being about censorship by the FCC and controversies.

This issue hasn't been present since late March 25th 2021

## Forks

**Note:** forked repositories are starred by default, unless I say otherwise (3 examples from 1 repo: [Why-you-should-stop-using-Google-analytics](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Why-you-should-stop-using-Google-analytics) along with some other projects)

### Seanpm2001-all

https://github.com/seanpm2001-all/SNU_2D_ProgrammingTools_IDE_PureScript
https://github.com/seanpm2001-all/SNU_2D_ProgrammingTools_IDE_ApachePig

### SNU Programming Tools

https://github.com/SNU-Programming-Tools/SNU_2D_ProgrammingTools_IDE_PureScript
https://github.com/SNU-Programming-Tools/SNU_2D_ProgrammingTools_IDE_ApachePig

### SNU Development

https://github.com/snu-development/SNU_2D_ProgrammingTools_IDE_PureScript
https://github.com/snu-development/SNU_2D_ProgrammingTools_IDE_ApachePig

### Other

_Empty list._

## Stars

### Miscellaneous

#### April 3rd 2021

https://github.com/TheGrimSilence/Minecraft-Forge-1.12.2 - Through GitHub discovery recommendations

### Topics

#### March 17th 2021

https://github.com/topics/year-of-the-linux-desktop

#### March 21st 2021

https://github.com/topics/128x64
https://github.com/topics/128bit
https://github.com/topics/documentation
https://github.com/topics/md
https://github.com/topics/txt
https://github.com/topics/gpl3
https://github.com/topics/gplv3
https://github.com/topics/wiki
https://github.com/topics/assembly
https://github.com/topics/screenshots
https://github.com/topics/screenshot
https://github.com/topics/pictures
https://github.com/topics/images
https://github.com/topics/image
https://github.com/topics/svg
https://github.com/topics/jpg
https://github.com/topics/png
https://github.com/topics/jpeg
https://github.com/topics/tiff

## Follows

_Empty list, see below._

### Follow for Follow

#### March 19th 2021

1. [https://github.com/nirikshan](https://github.com/nirikshan)

2. [https://github.com/walczy](https://github.com/walczy)

3. [https://github.com/8adre](https://github.com/8adre)

4. No other follow for follow actions performed on March 19th 2021.

#### March 20th 2021

4. [https://github.com/wajahat1064](https://github.com/wajahat1064) - Follower 117

5. No other follow for follow actions performed on March 20th 2021.

#### March 26th 2021

5. [https://github.com/androidok](https://github.com/androidok) - Follower 120

6. [https://github.com/yoonyouth](https://github.com/yoonyouth) - Follower 121

7. [https://github.com/leanderpeter](https://github.com/leanderpeter) - Follower 122

8. No other follow for follow actions performed on March 26th 2021.

#### March 30th 2021

8. [https://github.com/lindsmy](https://github.com/lindsmy) - Follower 122 (SUPER SPECIAL FOLLOWER: Works @ Microsoft (formerly: Amazon, etc.) is a close family member)

9. No other follow for follow actions performed on March 30th 2021.

### April 1st 2021

9. [https://github.com/XUZI0707](https://github.com/XUZI0707) - Follower ???

10. No other follow for follow actions performed on April 1st 2021.

### April 2nd 2021

10. [https://github.com/Pooria-Faramarzian](https://github.com/Pooria-Faramarzian) - Follower 123

11. [https://github.com/Izma810](https://github.com/Izma810) - Follower 124 <!-- Not to be confused with follower 125, who re-followed me) !-->

12. No other follow for follow actions performed on April 2nd 2021.

### April 3rd 2021

12. [https://github.com/TatevKaren](https://github.com/TatevKaren) - Follower 126

12. No other follow for follow actions performed on April 3rd 2021.

### Other

_Empty list._

## Archives

_Empty list._

## Commits

_Empty list._

### Seanpm2001

<!--

**Note: 3 commits are ommitted from /seanpm2001/seanpm2001/ (2 commits) and /seanpm2001/Git-Templates/ (1 commit) as they are the end projects. Also, Git-Templates is where this is uploaded.**

_This rule is subject to change._

!-->

Data for today (Saturday, April 3rd 2021) is not included, as I have a new plan that I started with on March 7th 2021: post data for yesterday instead of today. This way, all the commit data is given, and no commits are excluded.

<!-- Data for <date with 25+ projects>

PART1
PART2
PART3
FINAL

!-->

I will still need to gather some commit data (for projects with 5 or less commits) for days where I feel like/will go above 25 different repositories being edited.

#### April 2nd 2021 data

```github-calendar:daily
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Egg_Inc. 32 commits
seanpm2001/seanpm2001 30 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_GitHub 24 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Journaling-development 16 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_TinyDeathStar 14 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Merge-planes 12 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_GNOME_System_Monitor 4 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_TinyTower 4 commits
seanpm2001/KhanAcademyData_u-Seanwallawallaofficial 3 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Extras_MarineBiology 1 commit
seanpm2001/Git-Templates 1 commit
seanpm2001/Daily-desktop-screenshots 1 commit
seanpm2001/SeansAudioDB 1 commit 
```

### Monthly data (top 25 projects)

#### April 1st 2021 monthly data

```github-calendar:monthly
    seanpm2001/KhanAcademyData_u-Seanwallawallaofficial 106 commits
    seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_GitHub 39 commits
    seanpm2001/seanpm2001 33 commits
    seanpm2001/Branch-Ranch 16 commits
    seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_City-Story 13 commits
    seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_LegoTower 13 commits
    seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Bakery-story 12 commits
    seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Restaurant-Story 12 commits
    seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Farm-Story 10 commits
    seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Fashion-Story 10 commits
    seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Pet-Shop-Story 10 commits
    seanpm2001/Backup-Automation-Build-Bot-Y 3 commits
    seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Extras_MarineBiology 2 commits
    seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_GNOME_System_Monitor 2 commits
    seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_TinyTower 2 commits
    seanpm2001/Git-Templates 1 commit
    seanpm2001/Daily-desktop-screenshots 1 commit
    seanpm2001/SeansAudioDB 1 commit
```

#### April 2nd 2021 monthly data

```github-calendar:monthly
seanpm2001/KhanAcademyData_u-Seanwallawallaofficial 109 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_GitHub 63 commits
seanpm2001/seanpm2001 63 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Egg_Inc. 32 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Journaling-development 16 commits
seanpm2001/Branch-Ranch 16 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_TinyDeathStar 14 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_City-Story 13 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_LegoTower 13 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Merge-planes 12 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Bakery-story 12 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Restaurant-Story 12 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Farm-Story 10 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Fashion-Story 10 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_Pet-Shop-Story 10 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_GNOME_System_Monitor 6 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Images_TinyTower 6 commits
seanpm2001/SeansLifeArchive_Extras_MarineBiology 3 commits
seanpm2001/Backup-Automation-Build-Bot-Y 3 commits
seanpm2001/Git-Templates 2 commits
seanpm2001/Daily-desktop-screenshots 2 commits
seanpm2001/SeansAudioDB 2 commits
```

#### April 3rd 2021 monthly data (coming soon)

```github-calendar:monthly

```

#### April 4th 2021 monthly data (coming soon)

```github-calendar:monthly

```

#### April 5th 2021 monthly data (coming soon)

```github-calendar:monthly

```

#### April 6th 2021 monthly data (coming soon)

```github-calendar:monthly

```

### Lincity-NG

_Empty list._

### Ruffle-rs

_Empty list._

### GitHub

_Empty list._

### Other

_Empty list._

## Issue raised

_Empty list._

### Seanpm2001

_Empty list._

### Other

_Empty list._

## Organizations

_Empty list._

### New

#### March 2021

##### March 7th 2021

https://github.com/seanpm2001-libraries

##### March 9th 2021

https://github.com/Seanpm2001-discussions

##### March 16th 2021

https://github.com/iBlast-Game
https://github.com/UnitedAutismRights
https://github.com/Seanpm2001-web
https://github.com/Seanpm2001-templates

##### March 17th 2021

https://github.com/BGemJam-game

### March 20th 2021

https://github.com/NimbleBit-Games

### March 21st 2021

https://github.com/Tetris128

### March 23rd 2021

https://github.com/seanpm2001-datapacks

#### Other

_Empty list._

***

# Alt account

This is the data for my GitHub alt account, [seanwallawalla](https://github.com/seanwallawalla) this account is used for testing, debugging, and promotion. It does not contain any projects, is not part of an organization, and is not actively used.

This section was created on March 11th 2021, when I wanted to use the account.

## Stars

### Previous stars

_Empty list._

### Self-promotion

_Empty list._

### Miscellaneous

_Empty list._

## Customizations

_Empty list._

## Forks

### Seanwallawalla

_Empty list._

***

# Family accounts

## Memewallawalla

Got her permission to do this

### Stars

#### Promotion

_Empty list._

#### Other

_Empty list._

***

## Inverno4

Got his permission to do this

### Actions

_Empty list._

### Stars

#### Promotion

_Empty list._

#### Other

_Empty list._

***

